Created on https://www.dvdvideosoft.com/free-youtube-subtitles-download
Addis Ababa fairytales and bedtime stories for sale
once upon a time,there lived a young couple in a land far far away they did
not have any children but they really wanted to have a baby girl. after a short
period of time the young lady was expecting a baby. one day when she was
looking out of the window she saw a beautiful lettuce garden next door. from
bed moment on she could not think of anything else but to eat that lettuce. oh
I cannot eat that lettuce. the lady lost her appetite and lost an enormous amount
of weight .until one day finally her husband got so worried for her. he promised his wife that he'd bring
her a bunch of lettuce .don't worry my darling I will go and get you some
lettuce. but she know it's very dangerous .the house next door belonged to a mighty witch and the
garden was surrounded by beat walls .which no one dared to enter. the husband
gathered all his strength and climbed the wall entered the garden and picked a
handful of lettuce
his wife eat the lettuce with great pleasure and felt a little bit better,
but unfortunately a handful wasn't enough for her. the day after her husband
went into the garden again. but this time the witch was waiting for him .my wife is
pregnant and she craves for your lettuce. you could have asked for my permission.
you know we are all very afraid of you .I didn't think you would allow me. forgive
me. Oh forgive you. you will be punished for this .if my wife can't eat the lettuce
she will get sick and won't be able to give birth please
well now how about a deal. you take as many lettuces as you want but only in one
condition .as soon as your baby is born, you will give it to me. out of fear her husband
immediately accepted the deal. after a few months the baby was born.
soon after the witch came and took the baby away.
she named the baby of Rapunzel because the type of letters the baby's mother
had craved for was named for a puzzle .the witch took great care of the girl.
when Rapunzel turned 16 .she became a very beautiful young girl. the witch put
her in a tall tower and the middle of the woods. but this tower did not have a
staircase there was only one small window at the very top. the which had
never cut the beautiful girls blonde hair. when she came to visit her. she
ought to call her from below .Rapuzzle Rapuzzle let your golden hair down , it's 
your mother dear.Rapunzel let her long bround golden hair down through 
the small window. and with the help of Rapunzel's hair, the witch made 
it to the top of the tower. this went on for many years. one day a prince came
into the forest to hunt and heard a beautiful voice is singing far away from 
the woods.
what wonderful voice. he thought and rode his horse towards the beautiful sound as he
arrived to the tower where Rapunzel lives.he looked left and the right.but saw no
stairs or anything else to climb up the tower.
mesmerized by the beauty of the voice. the prince came to the tower every day.
but couldn't figure out how he could climb up. one night once again as he was
approaching the tower. he noticed that witch was waiting below. Rapuzzle Rapuzzle
let's your golden hair down,it's your mother dear.
Rapunzel let her long brond golden hair down through the small window and
with the help of Rapunzel's hair the witch made it to the top of the tower.
the next day just after sunset the prince went to the tower .changing his
voice .rapunzel rapunzel. let your golden hair down. it's your mother dear. first
seeing somebody else other than her mother for the first time in her life.
Rapunzel got a little scared. you're not my mother. why did you come here .there is
no reason for you to be scared .I heard you sing and fell in love with your
voice .I just wanted to see whom the voice belong to .Rapunzel really likes
what the prince said and was not scared anymore. for a while. everything went
smoothly and the witch did not recognize empty. finally one day the Prince asked
Rapunzel to marry him .will you marry me. Rapunzel happily accepted this handsome
Prince's proposal
[Music]
but Rapunzel did not have any way to climb down this tower. suddenly she had a
bright idea. Prince started to bring a piece of fabric every time he visited
the tower. Rapunzel was tying these pieces together to make a rope. but one
day Rapunzel made a big mistake and accidentally slipped something out of
her mouth. mother Prince climbs my hair faster than you do
[Music]
what's prince! what's prince!
at that moment. the witch realized that there was something fishy and started
yelling at her. not being able to handle her rage. the witch suddenly cut Rapunzel's
beautiful golden hair. and then sent her to a desert far far away. that night
the witch stayed in the tower and waited for the Prince to arrive. a little while
later she heard the prince from down below. rapunzel rapunzel let your golden
hair down it's me the Prince. the witch should let the hair down she cut from Rapunzel
otherwhere.the witch was waiting for him. the Prince started to climb. when he came up
seeing the which instead of Rapunzel .he figured that something very bad had happened
when the witch started to charge [rush/attack] at him. the prince stumbled [意外发生 ]
back and fell down from the tower
[Music]
thanks to the bushes below he managed to stay alive but because of the thorns
poking his eyes he could not see anymore. blinded prince kept walking around the
forest looking for Rapunzel with tears in his eyes. he fed himself plants and
wild fruits. he found in the forest. he walked so far that he finally arrived to
the desert where Rapunzel lived and suddenly something unexpected happened.
he heard a sweet voice singing. he recognized the owner of the voice. straight a'way[immediately/without delay]
he started walking towards the beautiful voice at the same time. he was yelling
rapunzel rapunzel rapunzel. Rapunzel also recognized the prince's voice. my prince 
she started running towards him. finally they had found each other.Repuzzle seeing
him. Rapunzel hugged her Prince and she's tears of joy. Rapunzel's tears with the 
princes eyes and all of a sudden a miracle happened and the princes eyes opened up 
he started to see again. seeing this. Rapunzel was so happy. together they went to
the princes Kingdom where people greeted them with joy. and they lived happily ever after
